David's hobbies
Many students have hobbies such as reading, painting, growing vegetables and looking after animals.
Some hobbies are relaxing and others are active.
Hobbies can make you grow as a person, develop your interests and help you learn new skills.
David Smith is a student and one of his hobbies is writing.
During the summer of 2010 he spent four weeks at a summer camp.
As well as the usual activities such as sailing and climbing, there was a writing class.
The teacher was a writer and she asked us to talk about our lives and tell interesting stories.
Then she encouraged us to write about our experiences at the camp.
Back at school, David wrote a story about the life of a 16-year-old boy and it came out as a book in 2012.
Many young people love his book and as a result David has become a successful young writer.
David has been very lucky because his hobby has brought him pleasure and success.
But writing is not his only hobby. He is also interested in many other things.
I like playing volleyball too. Says David.
I spend some of my free time playing volleyball for my school team.
Maybe I'll write about my volleyball team in my future books.